# TweetProcessing
The scripts in this repository allow you to download all tweets of a twitter user, the resulting tweets will then be preprocessed (stemming etc) and then used as training data for a neuron model in TensorFlow (in fact, the current source code is based on https://www.tensorflow.org/tutorials/word2vec, however, I will continue to modify this heavily as I am unhappy with certain choices). The resulting model will then be visualized by projecting the word vectors into a plane. Distance correlates to semantic similarity. This can be used to analyze rhetoric of popular twitter personalities. Of course, it is easy to extend this to input the tweets of numerous users to analyze rhetoric of certain groups. You need a Twitter application to run this; I have deleted my credentials so running these scripts will only work if you first add your credentials. It comes with tweets from swish41 (German bballer Dirk Nowitzki) to give an example. However, a user with more tweets would give better results (but make sure to adapt parameters to the number of tweets/words! I will later add a function that suggests reasonable parameter based on input, but, as is usual with neural networks, that suggestion should be considered a starting point as opposed a definitive "best choice". Note that the script would run much faster if you have installed the CUDA enabled version of TensorFlow and modify the code accordingly. As I do not have a CUDA capable gpu, I cannot test it and have thus not implemented it.
Enjoy!
